1) The python requests module is a third-party library that is used for making HTTP requests. The HTTP request returns a Response Object that contains all the response data. The Response object contains the server's response.

2)JSON is JavaScript Object Notation is a lightweight data-interchange format as is commonly used Web APIs, it's the standard format for transferring data between a server and a client. It is also used for Configuration files.
The advantages of JSON: The files are easy to read and write to for both humans and machines. The JSON format is lightweight. The format is Platform independent. The JSON format is self-describing meaning it can be easily understood without documentation
The disadvantages of the JSON format: The format has no error handling. The format does not support comment. The format has no Security. The format does not have a Data type which means there can be anomalies in a string representation.
XML stands for eXtensible Markup Language. As a data format it is used to define rules for defining data and encoding documents. It uses tags to differentiate between data attributes instead of a string like JSON.
The advantages of XML format are: The format is a platform independent and programming language independent. XML supports Unicode which is a international standard which allows information to be transmitted in any human language. XML has validation using DTD and Schema which makes sure the document is free of syntax errors. XML does not require any conversion when transferred between different systems.

3)The REST in RESTful stands for representational state transfer. The RESTful API is an architectural style for and application programming interface for API, that uses HTTP requests to access and use data. It is often used for facilitating communication and data exchange. It works by the client first sending a request to the sever, the server then authenticates the client and confirms that the client has the right to make the request, the server receives the request and processes it, finally the server returns a response.
The advantages of RESTful: The API is easier to scale up compared to other web applications because the API can support multiple requests. Security because the API request is sent over HTTPS and only allows authorized users to access data. The API is know for its ease of use. Flexibility due to the API supporting various applications.
The disadvantages of RESTful: The API is know for it's complexity. Lack of support is another major disadvantage that comes with the need for technical knowledge due to its complexity. It requires lots of work to bring the to a proper level of optimization, if done poorly the API's performance will suffer. The API requires you to execute changes through the web, which means that an internet connection is always required making less useful in offline environments   
